# stock_trend_detection
Predicting Stock Market Trends Using Machine Learning And Deep Learning Algorithms Via Continuous And Binary Data A Comparative Analysis ML
The task of stock prediction has always been a challenging problem for statistics experts and finance. The main reason behind this prediction is buying stocks that are likely to increase in price and then selling stocks that are probably to fall. Generally, there are two ways for stock market prediction. Fundamental analysis is one of them and relies on a company's technique and fundamental information like mar-ket position, expenses and annual growth rates. The second one is the technical analysis method, which concentrates on previous stock prices and values. This analysis uses historical charts and patterns to predict future prices. Stock markets were normally predicted by financial experts in the past time. However, data scientists have started solving prediction problems with the progress of learning techniques.Also, computer scientists have begun using machine learning methods to improve the performance of prediction models and enhance the accuracy of predictions. Employing deep learning was the next phase in improving prediction models with better performance. Stock market prediction is full of challenges, and data scientists usually confront some problems when they try to develop a predictive model.Complexity and nonlinearity are two main challenges caused by the instability of stock market and the correlation between investment psychology and market behavior. It is clear that there are always unpredictable factors such as the public image of companies or political situation of countries, which affect stock markets trend.Therefore, if the data gained from stock values are efficiently preprocessed and suitable algorithms are employed, the trend of stock values and index can be predicted.
